[Merged by Bors] - 0.10: Bloom news (#577)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-03-04-bevy-0.10/index.md

[`AnimationPlayer`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10.0/bevy/animation/struct.AnimationPlayer.html
[`play_with_transition`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10/bevy/animation/struct.AnimationPlayer.html#method.play_with_transition

## Revamped Bloom
<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @StarLederer, @JMS55</div>

> Bloom has undergone some major changes, and now looks better, is easier to control, and has less visual artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bloom has undergone some major changes and now looks better, is easier to control, and has fewer visual artifacts.
```

> In combination with the the new tonemapping options, bloom has been much improved since the previous release!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In combination with the new tonemapping options, bloom has been much improved since the previous release!
```

Here's what bloom looked like in bevy 0.9:
![bevy 0.9 bloom](old_bloom.png)

Switching the tonemapper to something like AcesFitted is already a big improvement:
![bevy 0.9 bloom with aces tonemapper](old_bloom_aces.png)

Bloom now looks like this. It's much more controlled and less overbearing:
![bevy 0.10 bloom](new_bloom.png)

> To make the bloom stronger, rather than riase the `BloomSettings` intensity,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the bloom stronger, rather than raise the `BloomSettings` intensity,
```

> lets double the `emissive` value of each cube:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let's double the `emissive` value of each cube:
```

![bevy 0.10 bloom doubled emission](new_bloom_double_emission.png)

> Finally, if you want the extreme bloom similiar to the old algorithm,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if you want the extreme bloom similar to the old algorithm,
```

you can change `BloomSettings::composite_mode` from
`BloomCompositeMode::EnergyConserving` to `BloomCompositeMode::Additive`:
![bevy 0.10 bloom additive mode](new_bloom_additive.png)

> Check out the new `bloom_3d` and `bloom_2d` examples for an interactive playground to explore the new bloom settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Explore the new bloom settings in an interactive playground using the new `bloom_3d` and `bloom_2d` examples.
```

> Check out the new `bloom_3d` and `bloom_2d` examples for an interactive playground to explore the new bloom settings.

Reviewer 2: @mockersf will these be live on the site with the launch of 0.10, or is there more to configure here?

@JMS55 can you add links to these too?

Author: Sorry, what links?

## Revamped Bloom
<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @StarLederer, @JMS55</div>

Bloom has undergone some major changes and now looks better, is easier to control, and has fewer visual artifacts.
In combination with the new tonemapping options, bloom has been much improved since the previous release!

1. In Bevy 0.9, bloom looked like this.
2. Switching the tonemapper to something like `AcesFitted` is already a big improvement.
3. in Bevy 0.10, bloom now looks like this. It's much more controlled and less overbearing.
4. To make the bloom stronger, rather than raise the `BloomSettings` intensity,
let's double the `emissive` value of each cube.
5. Finally, if you want more extreme bloom similar to the old algorithm, you can change
`BloomSettings::composite_mode` from `BloomCompositeMode::EnergyConserving` to `BloomCompositeMode::Additive`.
6. Explore the new bloom settings in an interactive playground using the new `bloom_3d` (and `bloom_2d`) examples.

> <div style="display: grid; grid-template-columns: repeat(2, 1fr); grid-gap: 16px;">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div style="display: grid; grid-template-columns: repeat(auto-fit, minmax(400px, 1fr)); grid-gap: 16px;">
```
This will use 2 column on screens wider than `850px` and 1 column on screens smaller than that.
